alright I'm here at hunter Creek and
I was digging that out this crack with
my hand because it was really using
material
just
and I'll show you what I found
okay so if I look at this material here
go ahead and classify this a bit shake
it around so you can see the clay penny
right here I'm gonna lift this up now I
hit some clay which is fantastic because
when I hit clay I move it over here when
I hit play you're likely to find a lot
of gold stuck on top of it so if there's
gold in the area obviously there is in
this area
but uh here's this the perfect kind of
clay you can kind of get doing
as long as gold has had the chance to
erode down the river it's likely to stop
and not be able to see through this
dense clay here
here's some more of it
until it's really kind of difficult
now if you look on top of it you see a
lot of blacks in there which is just a
little iron pieces
but the whole point is if I run this to
the solute box to run a few pieces here
when I ran through the sluice box
I kind of have to shake it apart
and sometimes there's still little clay
bits that I don't break apart now
the reason why clay is so good again is
because when gold meets the clay it
can't see penny deeper because it's just
too there's too much resistance for the
gold to kind of push itself down or make
its way down through so if you can get
down the clay go ahead and write for
your sleuth box and you'll usually find
a little bit more gold on top of it
sometimes you want in the middle because
it's just too dense the gold can't see
through it but if you if you mine that
down even more
we might get another layer of gold
beneath that clay
you